pages/01.blog/text-typography/post.md, before:

---
title: Text & Typography
date: 13:34 07/19/2017 

hero:
    image: unsplash-text.jpg
show_sidebar: true

taxonomy:
    category: blog
    tag: [journal]
---

The [Quark theme](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-theme-quark) is the new default theme for Grav built with [Spectre.css](https://picturepan2.github.io/spectre/) the lightweight, responsive and modern CSS framework. Spectre provides  basic styles for typography, elements, and a responsive layout system that utilizes best practices and consistent language design.

===

! Details on the full capabiltiies of Spectre.css can be found in the [Official Spectre Documentation](https://picturepan2.github.io/spectre/elements.html)



### Headings

# H1 Heading `40px`

## H2 Heading `32px`

### H3 Heading `28px`

#### H4 Heading `24px`

##### H5 Heading `20px`

###### H6 Heading `16px`

```html
# H1 Heading
# H1 Heading `40px`</small>`

<span class="h1">H1 Heading</span>
```

### Paragraphs

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur [adipiscing elit. Praesent risus leo, dictum in vehicula sit amet](#), feugiat tempus tellus. Duis quis sodales risus. Etiam euismod ornare consequat.

Climb leg rub face on everything give attitude nap all day for under the bed. Chase mice attack feet but rub face on everything hopped up on goofballs.

### Markdown Semantic Text Elements

**Bold** `**Bold**`

_Italic_ `_Italic_`

~~Deleted~~ `~~Deleted~~`

`Inline Code` `` `Inline Code` ``

### HTML Semantic Text Elements

<abbr>I18N</abbr> `<abbr>`

<cite>Citation</cite> `<cite>`

<kbd>Ctrl + S</kbd> `<kbd>`

Text<sup>Superscripted</sup> `<sup>`

Text<sub>Subscxripted</sub> `<sub>`

<u>Underlined</u> `<u>`

<mark>Highlighted</mark> `<mark>`

<time>20:14</time> `<time>`

<var>x = y + 2</var> `<var>`

### Blockquote

> The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it,
> so it's part of everyday life.
>
> <cite>- Bill Gates</cite>

```markdown
> The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it,
> so it's part of everyday life.
>
> <cite>- Bill Gates</cite>
```

### Unordered List

* list item 1
* list item 2
    * list item 2.1
    * list item 2.2
    * list item 2.3
* list item 3

```markdown
* list item 1
* list item 2
    * list item 2.1
    * list item 2.2
    * list item 2.3
* list item 3
```

### Ordered List

1. list item 1
1. list item 2
    1. list item 2.1
    1. list item 2.2
    1. list item 2.3
1. list item 3

```markdown
1. list item 1
1. list item 2
    1. list item 2.1
    1. list item 2.2
    1. list item 2.3
1. list item 3
```

### Table

| Name                        | Genre                         | Release date         |
| :-------------------------- | :---------------------------: | -------------------: |
| The Shawshank Redemption    | Crime, Drama                  | 14 October 1994      |
| The Godfather               | Crime, Drama                  | 24 March 1972        |
| Schindler's List            | Biography, Drama, History     | 4 February 1994      |
| Se7en                       | Crime, Drama, Mystery         | 22 September 1995    |

```markdown
| Name                        | Genre                         | Release date         |
| :-------------------------- | :---------------------------: | -------------------: |
| The Shawshank Redemption    | Crime, Drama                  | 14 October 1994      |
| The Godfather               | Crime, Drama                  | 24 March 1972        |
| Schindler's List            | Biography, Drama, History     | 4 February 1994      |
| Se7en                       | Crime, Drama, Mystery         | 22 September 1995    |
```

### Notices

The notices styles are actually provided by the `markdown-notices` plugin but are useful enough to include here:

! This is a warning notification

!! This is a error notification

!!! This is a default notification

!!!! This is a success notification

```markdown
! This is a warning notification

!! This is a error notification

!!! This is a default notification

!!!! This is a success notification
```

Commit message:

various improvements to the content

pages/01.blog/text-typography/post.md, after:

---
title: Text & Typography
date: 16:34 10/09/2020 

hero:
    image: unsplash-text.jpg
show_sidebar: true

taxonomy:
    category: blog
    tag: [journal]
---

The [Typhoon theme](https://getgrav.org/premium/typhoon) is powered by the [Tailwind CSS framework](https://tailwindcss.com) which is a modern utility-based CSS framework.  It provides utility classes for almost every possible CSS style element, but it also provides some basic built-in styling for for common HTML tags such as those that are output by **Markdown** content from Grav.  

To make use of this built-in styling, simply ensure you content is wrapped in the `.prose` class, and let Typhoon do the rest!

===

! Details on the full capabiltiies of Tailwind CS framework can be found in the [Official Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)

Here's some example markdown showing off the built-in CSS styling of the `.prose` class:



### Headings

# H1 Heading `40px`

## H2 Heading `32px`

### H3 Heading `28px`

#### H4 Heading `24px`

##### H5 Heading `20px`

###### H6 Heading `16px`

```html
# H1 Heading
# H1 Heading `40px`</small>`

<span class="h1">H1 Heading</span>
```

### Paragraphs

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur [adipiscing elit. Praesent risus leo, dictum in vehicula sit amet](#), feugiat tempus tellus. Duis quis sodales risus. Etiam euismod ornare consequat.

Climb leg rub face on everything give attitude nap all day for under the bed. Chase mice attack feet but rub face on everything hopped up on goofballs.

### Markdown Semantic Text Elements

**Bold** `**Bold**`

_Italic_ `_Italic_`

~~Deleted~~ `~~Deleted~~`

`Inline Code` `` `Inline Code` ``

### HTML Semantic Text Elements

<abbr>I18N</abbr> `<abbr>`

<cite>Citation</cite> `<cite>`

<kbd>Ctrl + S</kbd> `<kbd>`

Text<sup>Superscripted</sup> `<sup>`

Text<sub>Subscxripted</sub> `<sub>`

<u>Underlined</u> `<u>`

<mark>Highlighted</mark> `<mark>`

<time>20:14</time> `<time>`

<var>x = y + 2</var> `<var>`

### Blockquote

> The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it,
> so it's part of everyday life.
>
> <cite>- Bill Gates</cite>

```markdown
> The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it,
> so it's part of everyday life.
>
> <cite>- Bill Gates</cite>
```

### Unordered List

* list item 1
* list item 2
    * list item 2.1
    * list item 2.2
    * list item 2.3
* list item 3

```markdown
* list item 1
* list item 2
    * list item 2.1
    * list item 2.2
    * list item 2.3
* list item 3
```

### Ordered List

1. list item 1
1. list item 2
    1. list item 2.1
    1. list item 2.2
    1. list item 2.3
1. list item 3

```markdown
1. list item 1
1. list item 2
    1. list item 2.1
    1. list item 2.2
    1. list item 2.3
1. list item 3
```

### Table

| Name                        | Genre                         | Release date         |
| :-------------------------- | :---------------------------: | -------------------: |
| The Shawshank Redemption    | Crime, Drama                  | 14 October 1994      |
| The Godfather               | Crime, Drama                  | 24 March 1972        |
| Schindler's List            | Biography, Drama, History     | 4 February 1994      |
| Se7en                       | Crime, Drama, Mystery         | 22 September 1995    |

```markdown
| Name                        | Genre                         | Release date         |
| :-------------------------- | :---------------------------: | -------------------: |
| The Shawshank Redemption    | Crime, Drama                  | 14 October 1994      |
| The Godfather               | Crime, Drama                  | 24 March 1972        |
| Schindler's List            | Biography, Drama, History     | 4 February 1994      |
| Se7en                       | Crime, Drama, Mystery         | 22 September 1995    |
```

### Notices

The notices styles are actually provided by the `markdown-notices` plugin but are useful enough to include here:

! This is a warning notification

!! This is a error notification

!!! This is a default notification

!!!! This is a success notification

```markdown
! This is a warning notification

!! This is a error notification

!!! This is a default notification

!!!! This is a success notification
```
